The Defense of Astrino uses the CC0 license for all machine-executable
code, including HTML markup and CSS stylesheets.  This is essentially
a "public domain" license in that it allows you to do whatever you
want with the code, but you get no warranty or liability.  As the free
software people say, "if it breaks, you keep both pieces."

The code was originally written by Noah Gibbs (and eventually
others?), but you still have full rights to use it how you like.

However, all visual art, including PNGs and JPGs, is licensed with the
Creative Commons Noncommercial Attribution Sharealike license.  This
license prevents you from making money in any way on a work that uses
the artwork (not code) from The Defense of Astrino or the ErfWorld
comic from which most of it was taken.  That means no donations, no
"server upkeep" donation requests, no merchandise that uses the
artwork, no membership fee to your server, nothing of the kind.  Also,
you'll need to have a disclaimer in some appropriate place saying that
the artwork is from ErfWorld, by Rob Balder and Jamie Noguchi, just as
I do on the front page.

Don't be a douche about this.  They're awesome enough to let us make
noncommercial stuff *legally* with their artwork.  That's way better
than almost anybody -- LucasFilm sues people often for Star Wars
stuff, for instance.  Don't steal stuff from Jamie and Rob just
because they're willing to give you some of it for free.  That's you
being a douche (and criminal!) *because* they were nice to you.  What
kind of message does that send the world about being nice to you?

If you just can't be dissuaded from trying to make money off this, you
could also go talk to Rob and Jamie and try to get a license for the
ErfWorld art.  You'll still need to talk to me too if you use my
versions of stuff, but I imagine they'll be the harder ones to
convince.
